Cluster Operator dynamic logging configuration (#3328)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/DEV_GUIDE.md

        make clean
        make MVN_ARGS='-DskipTests -DskipIT' all

> 4. In order to use the newly built images, you need to update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from your repositories on Docker Hub rather than the official Strimzi images. That can be done using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To use the newly built images, update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from your repositories on Docker Hub rather than the official Strimzi images:
```

    ```
    sed -Ei -e "s#(image|value): strimzi/([a-z0-9-]+):latest#\1: $DOCKER_ORG/\2:latest#" \
            -e "s#([0-9.]+)=strimzi/([a-zA-Z0-9-]+:[a-zA-Z0-9.-]+-kafka-[0-9.]+)#\1=$DOCKER_ORG/\2#" \
            install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml
    ```

>    This will update `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml` replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name but with the repository changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This updates `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml`, replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name but with the repository changed.
```

When the Docker images are build, they will be labeled in the form: `docker_hub_username/operator:latest` in your local repository and pushed to your Docker Hub account under the same label.

> In order to use these newly built images, you need to update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from your repositories on Docker Hub rather than the official Strimzi images. That can be done using the following command and replacing `docker_hub_username` with the relevant value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these newly built images, update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from your repositories on Docker Hub rather than the official Strimzi images, replacing `docker_hub_username` with the relevant value:
```

```
sed -Ei -e 's#(image|value): strimzi/([a-z0-9-]+):latest#\1: docker_hub_username/\2:latest#' \
        -e 's#([0-9.]+)=strimzi/([a-zA-Z0-9-]+:[a-zA-Z0-9.-]+-kafka-[0-9.]+)#\1=docker_hub_username/\2#' \
        install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml
```

> This will update `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml` replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name but with the repository changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This updates `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml`, replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name but with the repository changed.
```

        DOCKER_REGISTRY=172.30.1.1:5000 DOCKER_ORG=$(oc project -q) make docker_push
        

> 5. In order to use the built images in a deployment, you need to update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from the registry at `172.30.1.1:5000`, rather than from DockerHub. That can be done using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To use the built images in a deployment, update the `install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yml` to obtain the images from the registry at `172.30.1.1:5000`, rather than from DockerHub:
```

    ```
    sed -Ei -e 's#(image|value): strimzi/([a-z0-9-]+):latest#\1: 172.30.1.1:5000/myproject/\2:latest#' \
            -e 's#([0-9.]+)=strimzi/([a-zA-Z0-9-]+:[a-zA-Z0-9.-]+-kafka-[0-9.]+)#\1=172.30.1.1:5000/myproject/\2#' \
            install/cluster-operator/060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml
    ```

>     This will update `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml` replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name from `172.30.1.1:5000/myproject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This updates `060-Deployment-strimzi-cluster-operator.yaml`, replacing all the image references (in `image` and `value` properties) with ones with the same name from `172.30.1.1:5000/myproject`.
```
